The conceptual model of this project revolves around the cart concept, while all other system elements 
are there to provide the required information to the cart, as seen in the class diagram below  
(Figure  3.10).  Products  are  related  to  carts  as  a  list  of  product  variants,  forming  line
 items.  Variant  is  a  concept  to  define  the  part  of  the  product  that  contains  the  
 particular characteristics of it, such as color or size, even having sometimes a different price. 
 Therefore every product has at least one variant, each one with different price or attributes. Similarly, 
 a cart can be associated with one of the shipping methods available in the system, resulting in a shipping 
 item, necessary to manage taxes. 

Both products and shipping methods have  a  particular  tax  category,  that  can  be  variable  
for  products  and  fixed  in  the  case  of shipping. When one of these elements are added to the cart, 
a tax rate is assigned to the item according to this tax category and the shipping address of the cart.
 As mentioned above carts can have a shipping address, but can have as well a billing address. 

A cart can belong to a registered customer, otherwise it is considered to have an 
anonymous customer. <font color="red">Once the checkout is finished a cart becomes an order, with 
information about the current payment, shipping and order status.</font> <font color="red">If the customer
 was not anonymous, this order will be associated with that customer, along with any 
 of his previous orders.</font> Every customer can also have a list of addresses comprising 
 the address book.

<font color="red">Products, addresses and shipping methods can change or disappear over time, but the orders 
associated with them must stay in the system for an indefinite period of time, having exactly 
44 the original information.</font> To solve this issue, cart is not related to the original instances, 
but to instances that were created exclusively for this particular cart as a snapshot of those original 
instances.

<font color="red">While the current cart may optionally have associated information, this information is mandatory in an
 order instance.</font> For simplicity, the conceptual model only accepts product and shipping prices that do not 
 include taxes. Allowing taxes in prices can be achieved by simply adding a boolean attribute indicating whether 
 the price in question has taxes included or not. So assuming that taxes are not included, the net total price in 
 the cart must be the sum of all the line item prices (i.e. the quantity in each line item multiplied by the corresponding 
 variant price) associated with it, plus the price of the shipping method selected. <font color="red">In order to calculate the gross total 
 price, taxes must be added up to this resulting net price.</font> Taxes are calculated multiplying the price of each shipping or l
 ine item by its corresponding tax rate. 

Lastly when the shipping address is set in the cart, all tax rates from shipping and line items are calculated. 
Only those products that include a tax category corresponding to the zone (e.g. state, country) of the shipping address 
can be part of the cart. Missing the tax category means that the price cannot be calculated, thus the product is not 
available in that zone.